feat(docs): framework-less guide (#62)
Disploy/disploy: apps/docs/docs/Reference/framework-less/index.md

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Using Disploy without the CLI

> Using the Disploy CLI is completely optional, though reccomended. It's purpose is to bundle your bot into a single file that can be deployed to Cloudflare Workers or imported into your own project. If you don't want to use the CLI, you can still use Disploy, but you'll have to bundle your bot yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the Disploy CLI is completely optional, though recommended. Its purpose is to bundle your bot into a single file that can be deployed to Cloudflare Workers or imported into your own project. If you don't want to use the CLI, you can still use Disploy, but you'll have to bundle your bot yourself.
```

Grammatical/spelling errors
